In November 1996, the Company initiated a major restructuring and growth
plan designed to substantially reduce its cost structure and grow the business
in order to restore higher levels of profitability for the Company. By July
1997, the Company completed the major phases of the restructuring plan. The
$225.0 million of annualized cost savings anticipated from the restructuring
results primarily from the consolidation of administrative functions within the
Company, the rationalization of manufacturing and warehouse facilities
(including a reduction in the number of production facilities from 26 to 8 and
warehouses from 61 to 18), the elimination of over 6,000 positions (including
3,300 from the divestiture of non-core businesses described below and
approximately 2,800 other positions), the centralization of the Company's
procurement function and re-negotiation of supply contracts resulting in
procurement savings for raw materials, components and sourced finished products
and the reduction of the Company's product offerings and stock keeping units
("SKU's"). The restructuring and growth plan also included a redefinition of the
Company's core product categories and the elimination of those businesses and
product lines that did not fit the core categories. Sunbeam's core product
categories are Appliances, Health at Home, Personal Care and Comfort, Outdoor
Cooking and Away From Home. Product categories and businesses determined to be
non-core were divested in 1997, including the Company's furniture business and
its time and temperature, decorative bedding and Counselor/registered trademark/
and Borg/registered trademark/ scale product lines. In addition, the Company
sold its textile mill in Biddeford, Maine in 1997.


     Net sales from continuing operations for 1997 were $1,168.2 million, an
increase of $183.9 million or 18.7% over 1996. Net sales on a normalized basis,
after excluding divested product lines which are not classified as discontinued
operations (time and temperature products, decorative bedding and
Counselor/registered trademark/ and Borg/registered trademark/ branded scales),
increased 22.4% during the year.


     Global sales, on a normalized basis, increased during 1997 in all five of
the Company's product categories primarily from new product introductions,
improved distribution (particularly with the Company's top ten customers),
international geographic expansion and improved price realization for certain
products. Global sales growth on a normalized basis exceeded 25% in the
Appliance, Outdoor Cooking and Away From Home categories with sales increases
of 26.8%, 27.2% and 28.6%, respectively. Sales in the Health at Home category
increased 10.7% on a normalized basis and sales in the Personal Care and
Comfort category increased 3.4% during 1997.


     The Company's Appliance category sales increases were driven by new
products, such as re-designed blenders and mixers, coffeemakers, irons, deep
fryers and toasters, and by increased distribution with large national mass
retailers. Sales of Outdoor Cooking products increased in 1997 after three
straight years of declines as a result of increased merchandising and
advertising programs, new distribution and the introduction of an entirely new
line of grills and accessories for the 1998 season that began to ship in the
fourth quarter of 1997 under a new "early buy" marketing program that included
among other things, extended credit terms with due dates in the second quarter
of 1998. The Company sold approximately $50.0 million of Outdoor Cooking
Products under this program in the fourth quarter of 1997. The early buy program
for Outdoor Cooking products is designed to improve customer service levels and
production efficiencies with more level seasonal production and distribution
activities that have historically peaked in the first half of each year and to
drive additional retail sell-through of Outdoor Cooking products by reducing the
likelihood of retail stock-outs during the important first and second quarter
1998 selling season.